Hello,

My name is Lionel Zyerga, maybe, it's not, yet, I am applying for a research expidition to Antarctica.

It's not that I want to abandon everything I have known and love, it's that I want to improve it.
The harsh and realism that will be braught by force to me in this desolate environment is awesome.
I am aware there are other people on the continent but there is the small matter of the fact that I don't care.
I am there to do one thing, perfect cold living and lack of resources living for the greatest mission mankind has undertaken.
I am going to Mars, this is the quickest way to beta test my equipment, and to maybe see a penguin before I leave.
I've got little to nothing to do with space exploration at this point, I've been stuck here on Earth so far.
And yet, I know this is something I must do in order to advance humanity forward in my own way.
I've got almost nothing I want to do more than perfect the individualized equipment needed.
The equipment needed to "be prepared" for any situation, as I have found myself anxious.
Anxious when I do not have what I need, a problem many on Earth face right now.
And it saddens my heart and steels my resolve that I could help correct this.
I've got almost nothing that would satisfy me more than leaving a legacy.
Not a legacy of power or prestige but of technology, and assistance.
Something that if you're stranded, around others or not, is gone.
If you've felt the loneliness and persperation brought by need.
Then you know the feeling of hopelessness is infectious.
It's abyssmal that this is the reality of our world.
That we're so clouded by greed we miss our calling.
To Expand.

Humans were not meant to be sedentary.
To be isolated to a small, overpriced, apartment in a city.
To be scared of how we will get basic necessities, to support our children.
On that matter I cannot say I fully relate, I have none of my own, and I'm worried.
Worried that I will miss one of the joys of life because I refuse to bring a human into paid-servitude.
I wish more for my children, if I have any, that would require a wife, and considering how my love life goes...
But I digress this is a proposal so let's get into the real reason I want to go, perfection.
I've searched my whole life for the perfect survival kit and I've gone about it wrong.
We shouldn't be aiming to make equipment that allows us to survive, instead thrive.
Gear that makes us see a whole world in our hands instead of the small origin.
To travel far and wide, and meet new people, or not if that's your thing.
It's basically just a way for us to see that we are one community.
Not one that's dictated by borders and lack of sustenance.
But one that's beautiful and full of potential.
Potential I have lost sight of until now.
Now I have hope, we can join together.
I will do whatever I can to help.
Including freezing my ass off.

Onto the gear list I'm developing here it is:
- A water desalination and purification system which is unfallible.
- A suit that works like it was made in the Dune series and beta tested by Boba Fett.
- A sustainable and growable energy sources for humans to 'eat' in a way that is nutritious.
- A set of ideals that allows interpersonal relationships to bloom, and individualism to shine.
- A computer system that shows the advanced characteristics of humanity's collective concious.
- A small but meaningful symbol that will unite the world around one ideal, community.
- A really really really cool looking helmet.
- A repair kit, obviously.
- A beautiful song.

My agency runs an express 11" pizza delivery service for Mars, if you permit us this expedition, 
we would like to ask you the following questions upon ordering: Coordinates? Toppings? Names?

